(Episode 40)
We don't have any results today.
We only found out that the chairman
really trusts the director.
We can't trust him.
The enemy is always near you.
But seeing that he said to throw Ae Ri out,
he must be sincere to the chairman.
I'm not going to trust anyone until
I see the security footage.
Wait a minute.
It's the nurse.
Yes.
What? There's a witness?
Okay, we'll go to the hospital right now.
Let's go.
Jung Tae Yang has the security footage
from the hospital.
We have to stop him no matter what.
Everything was too meticulous
for one woman to carry out.
I'm sure that she has an accomplice.
Her name is Lee Ru Ri.
She assisted Jung Tae Yang during
the competition.
She doesn't have the ability
and qualifications.
She's become an employee
after doing the internship...
thanks to Jung Tae Yang.
In short,
she's using him as a stepping stone to success.
She's very ambitious.
That's ridiculous.
What's ridiculous?
It can't be the director, can it?
Are you talking about the accomplice that's helping Joo Ae Ri?
Woo Joo.
Yes?
Do you remember that man?
The man we saw when we went to Joo Ae Ri's place.
Yes, what about him?
Could he be the person that Tae Yang is trying to find?
No matter how hard I think, I think it's the director.
He was the reason why Kevin and I had a misunderstanding...
towards Lee Ru Ri and Lee Shin Mo.
He would always take Joo Ae Ri's side.
He even investigated Lee Shin Mo for Kevin.
He was the one who acquired the recording of Jung Su Mi.
You're saying that the truth was very distorted...
after hearing Lee Shin Mo in person, right?
I think he was anxious to connect...
Tae Yang and Ae Ri from the start.
That can't be true.
He's the founding member of SC Food and Beverage.
He's the right-hand man of Kevin.
Mom.
Does Joo Ae Ri have a dad?
What are you talking about all of a sudden?
Kevin adopted her because she doesn't have parents.
We saw a middle-aged man who came to see her...
when we went to her place.
He would have to be really close to visit her in the daytime.
A middle-aged man?
Eun Byul, do you remember what he looks like?
Wait a minute.
Is he among here?
It's this person.
That's right, that's him.
Kids are right. Isn't it suspicious that he met...
Joo Ae Ri at her place when he should've been at work?
We need to be careful.
Just like Kevin,
he would have seen Joo Ae Ri for over 20 years.
He could have taken her side because of past affection.
We need more definite proof to be suspicious of him.
Definite proof?
How could we find that?
He's so loyal to Kevin.
What's wrong?
I'm sorry, but I don't think I will be able to see you tonight.
I came to see Ae Ri at the hospital.
Okay, don't worry. I'm going to sleep soon.
Did something good happen?
You sound better.
Yes.
Tae Yang decided to come back to the company.
That's good. I'm so happy.
Yes, I couldn't ask for more.
Please take good care of Ae Ri.
Nurse.
That was fast. I was waiting for you.
We're sorry to bother you.
Thank you so much.
You're welcome.
Like you said, a life depends on this.
Is the witness a nurse?
Yes, she was on maternity leave.
We couldn't find a witness at first because of that.
She returned.
Let's go.
A witness?
(Mr. Jung Tae Yang)
So you saw the man in question on the day of the incident?
Yes, I remember him clearly because he almost hurt me.
Please describe him.
It was the last day of work before my maternity leave.
I was on my way to start my evening shift around 10:30pm.
I heard the emergency alarm from the ward.
I ran to the ward just in case.
Excuse me, what were you doing...
Were you able to take a good look at his face?
Of course.
That man must've been flustered too. Our eyes met.
It was a man?
How old was he?
He was young. He looked like he was in his early 30s.
How did he look?
He was quite tall.
Was he about 180cm tall?
He was slim, had fair skin, and had big eyes.
He had double eyelids too.
Did he visit the chairman before?
No. Since he stayed in the VIP Ward, I'd remember the visitors,
but I've never seen him before.
You'd be able to recognize him if you see him again, right?
Of course,
but would he come back to the hospital?
Don't let it disappoint you.
We'll get the security footage tomorrow.
We'll find the man once we check it with what she told us.
I thought that it could be Director Park, but I guess I was wrong.
I also thought it could be him too.
He has a long history with Joo Ae Ri.
But he wouldn't gain anything if the chairman passes away, right?
It's the contrary. If there's a new chairman, he might lose his job.
I know.
A young guy.
Who on earth is that?
Did Joo Ae Ri instigate him to do that?
Let's wait for the security footage.
Hold on.
Yes?
Pardon? Okay.
He just showed up. I'll be back.
Let me come with you then.
No, it's dangerous. Stay in the car.
What? There is a witness?
That's what I heard.
How could you make such a mistake?
If Jung Tae Yang finds out everything...
Don't worry.
It will be hard to find him with just the witness' statement.
You should just focus on your job. Why are you here?
I came because my curiosity got the better of me.
You told me to stay away from the company.
How are things going?
Have you gone mad?
We'll talk later. Get out of here now.
Come on. Don't be like that.
I already took care of the security footage.
Don't worry about it.
There's a nurse who claims to have seen you.
What?
Darn.
Ma'am, where is that jerk?
That man went to Room 606.
Thank you.
(606, Patient: Joo Ae Ri)
What brings you here?
Are you here because you're worried about Ae Ri?
Mr. Kim resigned a long time ago. Why is he here?
Didn't a man come out just now?
Yes.
Did you see him?
It was Mr. Kim.
Is he the man we are looking for?
See and tell us if this is the guy you saw.
Yes, it's him. He was here a while ago too.
I'm certain this is the guy.
- I will live for you - I will live for you
- I will smile for you - I will smile for you
- Let's live a happy life - Let's live a happy life
- No matter what people say - No matter what people say
- In the end, it's my life - In the end, it's my life
How strange.
Once a beauty, always a beauty.
When people get old, their voices get rough first.
She still has a ringing voice.
How can she still be slim and look young?
She didn't get Botox injections...
or anything like that, right?
Hey, Young Hye.
You thought you were the prettiest in this world, right?
People should've seen the way she looked that time.
Her eyes...
narrowed like a cat's.
She was burning with jealousy.
Shin Mo, I had a great time today.
Your wife must have good karma.
She has a handsome gentleman as her husband.
A handsome gentleman?
You said we can spend all day together now that you're retired.
No, that's why I can't live with you.
The thought of spending the whole day with you...
makes it hard for me to breathe.
Hey, Young Hye. Did you learn your lesson now?
I'm not a bad husband. You're the one with the problem.
You're a bad judge of men.
Okay. I had fun too.
Your husband...
must have saved the universe, not the nation, in his former life.
Who would come here late at night?
Oh, my. Why did you come here so late at night?
Just take this.
Did something happen?
No, no.
When I got into my bed to sleep,
I got this godly feeling...
that I must take care of the lonely in-law.
Godly?
Yes, like a superhuman power.
You had ramyeon for dinner, right?
What? You must really have a superhuman power.
How did you know?
And you ate it with...
radish and cabbage kimchi that you bought from a store?
Oh, my.
Are you home, Ru Ri?
I...
Hello?
Why do you sound scared?
What's the matter?
There must have been a burglar at my house.
What?
Young Hye, stay still. I'll go there right away.
Are Han Gyul and So Won well?
Oh, no problem.
They are a happy family now.
And Han Gyul is doing great.
She's not shy even though she hasn't lived there for long.
She even tries to fight me and get even with me.
She's like a little version of Yang Chun Ok.
Thank you.
Thank you for accepting even her misbehavior.
Why would you say that?
Doctor Lee is like my son now.
His daughter is my daughter too. Of course, I'd be nice to her.
I'm a little upset to hear that from you.
Of course. Thank you so much.
By the way,
did you go meet your wife after dressing up...
and try to make amends?
I was really curious.
Well, no.
I don't care if she receives a car as a present...
or if she cheats on me.
Now that I don't care about her, I feel so free now.
Oh my goodness.
You were so jealous before, and it seemed like...
you might do something rash.
Why did you stop caring about her?
Gosh, mind your manners.
I'm talking. Why are you smiling at the phone?
You're so ill-behaved.
Theresa.
"I look forward to seeing you tomorrow."
"Goodnight, honey."
"Honey"?
Honey as in food?
Give that back. Why would you steal my phone?
Mr. Lee.
Are you cheating on your wife?
With a girl who says cheesy things like that?
I'm not cheating. It's not like that.
It's just someone I knew...
back in college.
You should look at me in the eye and say that again.
Is it a one-time thing, or is it love?
What are you even talking about?
Recently, I've heard many people...
fall in dangerous love affairs with their old classmates.
Have you fallen in such dirty love too?
"Dirty love"?
Are you having an affair?
Neither that woman nor you have divorced yet.
If you two date like that,
that's called "dirty love".
Gosh, Mrs. Yang.
It's not like that.
We just went back to the pure period of our lives...
with pure minds, visited "Cafe 7080" near Hongik University,
had beer, and sang together.
That's not dirty love.
Is that true?
Of course. We didn't even hold hands yet.
See?
You just said you didn't hold hands yet.
That means there's a possibility...
that it could become something more in the future.
No, no. That's... That's not what I meant.
You know that I'm called "Silver Knife" in Cheongdam-dong, right?
I can forgive everything else,
but I never forgive people who cheat.
If I find out you're cheating, I'll slice you with my silver knife.
- Be careful. - Why do you only threaten me?
If you want to scold someone, you need to scold Young Hye.
I only had beer, but she received a car from him.
Look here, Mr. Lee.
How come a man like you have such a small heart?
She's seeing him because she needs him for money.
You're just dating for fun.
Be careful. I won't let you do this.
- Gosh. - I... Gosh.
- Gosh. - I...
How can she discriminate against me like that?
This isn't dirty love.
I met her as a friend with a pure heart.
Wait a moment. Should I take Theresa on a drive...
and take her to the Bugak Skyway?
Wait a moment.
Gosh.
Why is the seat belt on my car so properly fixed?
It's finished. You don't need to worry when you leave home now.
Thank you.
You didn't need to do this.
It's nothing.
It's part of employee welfare.
Then at least let me pay.
If you must, you can just give me a cup of tea.
Oh, my. I'm sorry. Take a seat.
No, it's fine.
You don't need to bring me anything. But take a seat.
All right.
Take a look at this.
Next month, buyers from Nagoya will be visiting.
This is their schedule.
They said they wanted to visit the ancient palaces, so I put it there.
I'd like you to help me.
Me?
You wanted to be a city curator.
And you've been studying.
You'd be the best choice we have.
You can fulfill your dream as you work.
Oh, my.
Are you moved?
They say no one should dare try to stop domestic disputes,
but I don't get why they're getting worse.
Should I intervene and solve everything?
What time is it?
You can sleep for 20 more minutes.
I don't want to go to work.
That's great. Just skip work and play with me.
Are you going to earn money for me then?
Of course.
You're supposed to be moved and kiss me 100 times.
My mouth was closed all night long.
Do you really want me to kiss you?
No. I'm upset now.
All right.
But you need to block your nose.
All right. Here.
Mom, Dad! Is today a special day?
Why are there presents in my room?
What do you think?
What do you think? Shall we go to your room together?
Gosh, you're adorable.
Gosh.
It seems like I'd have to work really hard...
until my legs swell up today.
They say you're an idiot if you hold back three times.
I must be an idiot. Gosh.
Ms. Choi,
why are you talking to yourself so early in the morning?
And you're pouting. What's the matter?
Ma'am, I know you're rich,
but you have no sense.
Sense? Feel?
Yes.
You told me to prepare Han Gyul's birthday meal,
but people would mistake this for one's 60th birthday.
No one holds birthday parties at home these days.
People borrow a party room...
and hire a party planner to plan a party for them.
This isn't the Cheongdam-dong style. It's the Beolgyo style.
What's wrong?
Did I make another mistake?
Did I tell you that I used to be an assistant for sewers...
at a sewing factory when I was young?
Yes, why?
I still have a sewing machine in the basement storage.
I could take that out and sew your mouth up.
So be quiet...
and do your job.
(A Comfortable and Precious Home)
It's a storybook which I don't like.
It's my present to you. You hurt my feelings by saying that.
Seeing that she doesn't like books,
she must take after her mom, not her dad.
Of course, she's my daughter.
I completely know Han Gyul's taste.
Han Gyul, close your eyes.
Ta-da.
- Do you like it? - Yes, you're the best.
Here, it's pretty.
Dr. Lee, you're going to have to earn a lot of money.
It looks like she takes after her mom and likes luxury goods.
I guess so.
I'll have to earn a lot to serve three ladies who like luxury goods.
Grandma, don't you have a present for me?
Of course, I have one.
I prepared and paid everything...
to send you to America...
to study English.
Go to America during summer break...
and study English hard like me.
Oh, my goodness.
New York. You're going to New York.
You're going to travel first class on a plane to go there.
Are you happy?
Are we almost at Han Gyul's house?
We're almost there.
His dad must be at work, right?
Of course. He goes to work early in the morning.
I can't believe that Han Gyul is pretty rich.
Han Gyul's house is really nice.
That's right. It's not an apartment, and there's a yard.
Don't embarrass me.
My family is richer.
We live in an apartment in Samseong-dong.
You should greet adults if you see them first.
- Do you understand? - Yes.
Have a nice day.
It's going to be hard for you today.
The kids are coming to visit for the party.
Yes, I'm really looking forward.
It's the first birthday party we prepared for her.
The kids are already here.
Kids?
Welcome.
Are you Han Gyul's friends?
- Yes, hello. - Yes, hello.
- Have fun. - Okay.
- I'll be back. - Okay.
Let's have fun.
- Okay. - Okay.
- Who is Do Yoon? - It's me.
You're so handsome.
- I think we should start serving. - Okay.
Are you Han Gyul's mother?
- Yes? - Do you remember me?
You work at the kid's cafe, right?
Yes, my boss sent this.
She didn't have to do this.
You went through a lot of trouble to bring the kids.
It's okay. Can I help you with something?
It's okay.
Everything is already done. Sit and eat something before you go.
Thank you.
Did Se Ra's mom say...
anything about me?
Yes, she praised you saying that you are pretty and stylish.
Really?
But she said that there was something strange.
She said that Han Gyul didn't have any records of...
receiving an education from elsewhere.
Really?
The mothers are really powerful in this neighborhood.
They even nitpick over postnatal care centers...
and ostracize someone if they're even a little different from them.
What are you talking about?
Han Gyul isn't different.
Ms. Ha went through a lot of trouble for 10 months to have her.
Don't let them say that.
Really? Is that so?
I'm scared that Han Gyul's birth mother might appear.
Isn't it time for her to be released from prison?
Is this Cheongju Women's Penitentiary? I have a question.
Can you tell me the release date of an inmate?
I'm sorry.
We only report the release date to the inmate.
Okay.
Ms. Ha went through a lot of trouble for 10 months to have her.
What are you talking about?
This is so funny. You look so happy.
My sister is crying in a fiery fit.
- Happy birthday to you - Happy birthday to you
- Happy birthday dear Han Gyul - Happy birthday dear Han Gyul
- Happy birthday Han Gyul. - Happy birthday.
It's my birthday today.
Thank you for coming.
Please don't fight...
but have fun and be friendly to one another.
- Okay. - Okay.
Ms. Ha.
Where did you buy Han Gyul's dress?
She looks like a princess.
That's right. She's so pretty.
Really? Do you like it?
Yes, it's really pretty.
Han Gyul is the prettiest from our preschool.
No, you're more good looking than I am.
Oh, my.
They're young, but they're already flirting.
It's so nice.
Eat a lot of delicious food and have fun, okay?
- Yes. - Yes.
- Okay. - Oh, my.
Lee Han Gyul, I need to talk to you for a moment.
What is this?
They're my new cards.
Just take this.
But Kim Do Yoon is mine.
1, 2, 3.
There are only three cards.
Kim Se Ra, this isn't enough.
I'll give them back to you.
Take your words back.
Oh Han Gyul. No, you're Lee Han Gyul now.
If you tell your mom that you saw me,
I'm going to take you away again.
Do you understand?
Yes, this person came out from the ward on the day of the accident.
Is that so?
The hard drive is damaged?
Okay.
Couldn't they restore the security footage?
I thought they could, but the hard drive is severely damaged.
Then we have no other way but to ask Mr. Kim directly about...
why he came to hospital last night to meet Director Park and Ae Ri...
and also who ordered him to pull off the respirator.
We don't have enough evidence to doubt Director Park.
He went to visit Joo Ae Ri every day.
They might have met accidentally.
Let's look for Mr. Kim first.
Manager Jung. Manager Jung.
I've asked the HR for Mr. Kim's address.
They recently had the order from above...
and deleted all data related to Mr. Kim.
What? Who did?
They won't tell us.
It's certain...
that there's an accomplice in the company.
I need to talk to Dad at home.
I might get Mr. Kim's address from Choi Sun Young.
Hurry up. I'll look into it in the company.
One of the nurses said she saw you.
It's driving me crazy.
How's the board of directors going?
Manager Jung's going to be appointed as an executive today.
All the members will show up.
It's a meaningful day for both myself and the company.
Prepare it according to the plan.
Yes, sir.
I'm sorry.
How's the new store opening going?
That is also getting ready according to the plan.
We must increase the domestic sales by all means.
Beijing branch is struggling due to the effect of THAAD.
The domestic sales must endure...
in order to go public it this year.
You know what happens...
if we fail to go public, right?
Don't worry. We're getting more franchises,
and there will be no problem once the new store opens.
Answer it. It seems urgent.
I'm sorry.
Why do you keep calling me?
What is your plan?
Jung Tae Yang's prying me.
Are you going to let him?
Are you...
planning to use me and abandon me?
Calm down and hang up.
I'll call you later.
You've done a good job.
You've endured the third surgery.
The tissues could've been more damaged due to the fire,
but you avoided it.
What's the first thing you want to do when you leave?
I have so many things to do.
You can do that from now on.
Are you ready?
You're very lucky.
You can go home today.
(Director Park)
Mr. Kim's causing problems.
What do you want me to do?
Set up a meeting tonight.
Did you say Mr. Kim?
We have a witness.
She saw him leaving the room...
once the respirator alarm went off.
Your dad and I doubted Director Park.
He supported Joo Ae Ri on everything...
and alienated Lee Ru Ri.
He's suspicious too.
Mr. Kim visited the room where Joo Ae Ri and Director Park were.
Does that mean three of them planned it?
Tae Yang. How can I be a help?
Mr. Kim has the key to everything, but we don't know where he is.
Can you call Choi Sun Young and find out?
What if Choi Sun Young is behind all this?
Mr. Kim was her right arm.
This will not be the end.
I'm on the way to Japan.
Once I find right investors,
I'm going to return all the humiliation Kevin gave me.
I have an idea. Just bear it until then.
Right. She told me she'll come back.
Do you think Joo Ae Ri...
and Choi Sun Young are connected?
Ask for Mr. Kim's address.
Okay.
I'm sorry, but please check the personal record one more time.
His name is Kim Dong Il.
He worked as Chief Choi's assistant until three months ago.
Yes. Please.
Ru Ri.
I found it.
I'm the company source.
You know Cha Eun Kyung from the chairman's secretary office?
She dated Mr. Kim for a while.
Is that true, Eun Kyung?
Yes. He called me first, so we went on a date a few times.
But he kept asking me about Chairman Kevin.
He seemed strange, so I ended it.
Do you know where he lives?
It says his phone number doesn't exist.
I went to his house once.
He lives in a studio in Hapjeong-dong.
Thank you so much, Eun Kyung.
I'll never forget what you've done for me.
Move aside.
Ru Ri. You should never forget me either.
Of course, Myung Rang. Good job. Well done.
I know, right? Thank you.
Good job.
Gosh.
Yes.
Tonight.
At 9pm.
I'll text you the place.
You know...
if anything goes wrong, I have a plan too.
Mi Rae apartment in Hapjeong-dong?
Yes. What did Choi Sun Young say?
Dad talked to her on the phone,
but she hasn't talked to Mr. Kim for a long time.
I think he does live in Hapjeong-dong though.
That's what she said too.
But do you think we can trust her?
She's suspicious as well since Mr. Kim and Ae Ri are connected.
Of course.
When she left Korea,
she said she'll return and pay for what she had gone through.
Is Choi Sun Young really behind all this?
We'll find out when we find Mr. Kim.
This is so horrible.
Follow him.
How did it go?
I'm on the way to meet him.
Can you take care of it?
Don't worry. I'll see you when I'm finished.
We should congratulate you on leaving the hospital.
Turn left. Turn left. Turn left!
Are you all right?
I'm all right. Let's follow him.
I think he went that way.
Come to the redevelopment area in Mogeum-dong.
What is your plan?
Jung Tae Yang's prying me. What are you going to do for me?
You're not as bold as I thought.
Weren't you ready for this when you came to me?
Director Park!
Here.
Stay in Clark, Philippines for a while.
I'll pay everything.
You should go take a rest, and I'll call you.
Do you think I'm an idiot?
Do you think I don't know what you're doing?
Now that I'm useless, you're going to leave me out like this?
That's why I prepared something.
You prepared something?
It's over.
Let Dad die in peace now.
Do you understand now?
Everything you said is recorded here.
What would Jung Tae Yang do if he finds out?
Hello? Tae Yang?
What are you doing?
Give it to me.
Give it back. Give it to me. Let it go!
Give it back.
Stop it, scum.
Let go! Let go!
Let it go!
It's been a while.
Let's go. It's dangerous out here.
It's Mr. Kim's car.
Mr. Kim.
Mr. Kim!
I feel cold. Please...
Why did you wake up so early?
I needed to see something.
I'm trying to track Ha Eun Jo, but it's not easy.
It's been over 40 years.
What are you looking at?
I started from the station where he got lost...
and searched around all the orphanages near the area.
But there weren't any records.
What should we do now?
The last train at the station was headed to Seoul.
Maybe he got on that train.
So I'll try again by looking into orphanages in Seoul.
You must be tired from all this.
If you're so worried,
please get up from my knees.
My knees are about to break.
Gosh.
I'm hungry. Should we eat something as an appetizer?
All right. For the first time in my life,
I'll cook the instant soup that you like.
All right.
It looks all right.
- Are you done? - Just wait a moment.
Do you want to taste it?
You should taste it first.
You've cooked for the first time. You should taste it first.
No, you should taste it.
Are you making me taste it because it might taste awful?
All right.
How does it taste? Is it all right?
It's really good.
- Really? - Yes.
Gosh, I'm good.
Gosh, it's so salty!
Hey!
Gosh.
I'm so happy.
Just like you said, I'm scared because everything's so perfect.
Mom said we shouldn't say that we're happy out loud.
She says the sky will get jealous and take everything away.
Really? All right.
Ha Yeon Ju, I can't bear to be your husband anymore.
How can you tell me to make a meal this early?
You're such a bad wife.
You're worse.
I thought it'd be better now that we got remarried, but you're the same.
You're handsome, but now that I get to see you every day,
I'm sick of it.
That's settled then. We should break up again.
All right.
Mom, don't fight!
What is this nonsense?
You just got married again. Why are you fighting again?
They say that lovers' quarrels are soon mended,
but you shouldn't fight like that again.
Mrs. Yang, it's cutting water with knife.
Gosh, you stupid. I know. Shut it.
Mrs. Yang, it's not like that. We were joking around.
Han Gyul, don't cry.
Mom and Dad were pretending to fight for fun.
We were so happy that we were afraid that the sky would be jealous.
You scum.
Gosh, how can you even think of this nonsense?
When are you going to grow up?
Don't scold Dad.
You are stupid, Grandmother.
Tae kwon!
Gosh, it hurts.
What is this nonsense?
Shut your mouth.
You're just like your dad, always joking around.
What about Dad?
If you want to find out, you should go on a date with me.
I heard there's a lot of fine dust today,
so put on a mask and be careful.
Han Gyul must have a cold. She says she doesn't want to go to preschool.
Do you think she has a problem with her friends?
That can't be. She had such fun on her birthday.
Maybe she doesn't want to study.
She must take after you.
If she isn't really sick, you should send her to school in the afternoon.
All right.
Come home early today.
I'll make something delicious and wait for you.
Okay, but don't cook.
It's better when you don't cook.
Stop it. Go now.
This is for social justice.
I know all about Han Gyul's birth.
Unless you want to be humiliated in the kindergarten,
do as I say.
How do I do this?
Do I just put it on?
Let me try.
Oh, cold.
I have a date today. I have to look good.
Gosh. Why does he keep gaining on?
I was going to have a good time with her.
(Oh Dong Ki)
Goodness.
What on earth are you doing?
What's that facial mask for? You've never done that before.
You come to my house often now.
Are you here to spy on something?
Gosh. What are you talking about?
It was Han Gyul's birthday yesterday.
Give it to So Won when you meet him.
I bought clothes for her.
Is that why you're here?
You're not here to check if I'm going on a date?
Oh, my goodness.
I don't care even if you marry someone else.
But...
I'm just worried you'd embarrass...
- Ru Ri when she gets married... - Don't you...
worry about that.
I'll go on a date secretly, so it wouldn't affect her.
Yes. Theresa. Hi.
I'll go pick you up at your house. Send me your address.
Yes. Okay. I'll see you later.
Why does she want to see me so badly?
Gosh. It's a hassle.
Don't endure it anymore
Don't hide your heart
Don't act like you don't know
- You - Gosh.
He's gone crazy big time. He's talking nonsense.
What does she do...
that she keeps meeting him?
Goodness.
Mother.
Oh, yes. You're here.
Here you are.
Yes.
I bought as you said. What is it for?
Quiet. Leave it up to me.
By the way, is your father going out today?
Yes. He's going to sing there.
Yes. That's great.
Goodness. It's nice.
- Mrs. Yang. - Goodness.
When did you get here?
Now that I'm old,
my butt must be twisted.
My waist, bust, shoulders...
My whole body hurts, and I can't sleep well.
I'm here because my son-in-law...
said he'll buy one for me.
It's a hassle to come to hospital,
so I decided to get one for her for the New Year.
That's a good idea.
Check it carefully.
You're very good at business.
I'll recommend you a good condition.
I can't just take it.
My close friend owns this cafe.
Go there for dinner tonight...
and enjoy the music.
You can go relieve your stress tonight.
Shin Mo. Open up.
What? Oh...
What are you doing? You're embarrassing my hand.
- Open up. - Okay.
You eat like a real man.
What? Real man?
When men are over 50, there are only two types.
They either become a woman or a man.
You're forever the latter.
Stop flattering.
You flatter me so much that if you stop, I'll die.
You're so funny, Shin Mo.
By the way, Theresa.
I'm not sure if it's okay for me to date you.
Of course, I like spending time with you,
but I thought your husband wouldn't like it.
You don't need to worry about it.
Actually...
I got a divorce five years ago.
What? Why?
We had many problems since the beginning of the marriage.
He had a lot of money, so he did a leasing service.
He had nothing to do...
so that he frequently went to Gangwon province.
You mean Gangwon Land Casino?
Yes. He liked chips more than me.
Did you live alone until now?
Why didn't you meet someone better?
I did. I had a relationship until recently.
I see. What kind of man was he?
A physiatrist.
Drink this. It's dandelion tea. It's good for your stomach.
If you keep breaking my warnings,
I'm going to seduce you.
Stop saying that.
Date someone nice and marry her.
I was actually forced...
to date someone last year.
Goodness. Really? What kind of woman was she?
She got a divorce five years ago.
She was tall and had big eyes.
She had long legs. She was a divorced woman.
She must've been very beautiful.
Yes, she was.
She sometimes sang for hobby.
That was very attractive.
He was handsome and well mannered.
He was gentle and had a lot of money.
Really? He must've been a very good man.
He knew how to love a woman.
But the thing is...
he bought me a car a month after we met.
What? A car?
Is it popular for men these days to buy a car for women?
Shin Mo. Why would you get upset?
But...
wasn't she the one for you?
Why are you so curious?
Are you finally getting interested in me?
No. She sounds like a nice woman. I wonder why you broke up.
He has more than enough just by hearing from you.
Why didn't you marry him?
Are you upset because I'm talking about another man?
What? Why would I be upset?
I want you to be happy.
Why did you break up?
Well. I feel bad to say this about the woman I broke up.
In short,
she was a swindler.
A swindler?
Well...
I feel bad to say this about the man I broke up.
He was...
such a bad swindler.
What? A swindler?
(Man Who Sets the Table)
Have you seen anyone strange in the kindergarten?
No. I haven't.
I've erased anything that could become evidence.
Then we just have to deal with Mr. Kim now.
Do you want to go to Jeju Island to get some fresh air?
I wonder how four people's meeting...
would go tonight.
How dare you come here?
I need 69,000 dollars.
I'll leave quietly if you get me that.
His family just came by to transfer the patient.
What do we do now? We missed the evidence right in front of us.